docs: runtime docs + fix runtime missing field (#22816) (#24429)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/docs/learn/beginner/00-app-anatomy.md

The first thing defined in `app.go` is the `type` of the application. It is generally comprised of the following parts:

* **Embeding [runtime.App](../../build/building-apps/00-runtime.md)** The runtime package manages the application's core components and modules through dependency injection. It provides declarative configuration for module management, state storage, and ABCI handling.

>     * `Runtime` wraps `baseapp`, meaning when a transaction is relayed by CometBFT to the application, `app` uses `runtime`'s methods to route them to the appropriate module. Baseapp implements all the [ABCI methods](https://docs.cometbft.com/v1.0/spec/abci/) and the [routing logic](../advanced/00-baseapp.md#service-routers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `Runtime` wraps `BaseApp`, meaning when a transaction is relayed by CometBFT to the application, `app` uses `runtime`'s methods to route them to the appropriate module. Baseapp implements all the [ABCI methods](https://docs.cometbft.com/v1.0/spec/abci/) and the [routing logic](../advanced/00-baseapp.md#service-routers).
```

>     * `Runtime` wraps `baseapp`, meaning when a transaction is relayed by CometBFT to the application, `app` uses `runtime`'s methods to route them to the appropriate module. Baseapp implements all the [ABCI methods](https://docs.cometbft.com/v1.0/spec/abci/) and the [routing logic](../advanced/00-baseapp.md#service-routers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `Runtime` wraps `baseapp`, meaning when a transaction is relayed by CometBFT to the application, `app` uses `runtime`'s methods to route them to the appropriate module. `BaseApp` implements all the [ABCI methods](https://docs.cometbft.com/v1.0/spec/abci/) and the [routing logic](../advanced/00-baseapp.md#service-routers).
```

>     * It configures automatically the **[module manager](../../build/building-modules/01-module-manager.md#manager)** based on the app wiring configuration. The module manager facilitates operations related to these modules, like registering their [`Msg` service](../../build/building-modules/03-msg-services.md) and [gRPC `Query` service](#grpc-query-services), or setting the order of execution between modules for various functions like [`InitChainer`](#initchainer), [`PreBlocker`](#preblocker) and [`BeginBlocker` and `EndBlocker`](#beginblocker-and-endblocker).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * It automatically configures the **[module manager](../../build/building-modules/01-module-manager.md#manager)** based on the app wiring configuration. The module manager facilitates operations related to these modules, like registering their [`Msg` service](../../build/building-modules/03-msg-services.md) and [gRPC `Query` service](#grpc-query-services), or setting the order of execution between modules for various functions like [`InitChainer`](#initchainer), [`PreBlocker`](#preblocker) and [`BeginBlocker` and `EndBlocker`](#beginblocker-and-endblocker).
```

> * [**An App Wiring configuration file**](../../build/building-apps/00-runtime.md) The app wiring configuration file contains the list of application's modules that `runtime` must instantiate. The instantiation of the modules are done using `depinject`. It contains as well at which order the modules `InitGenesis`, `Pre/Begin/EndBlocker` should be executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [**An App Wiring configuration file**](../../build/building-apps/00-runtime.md) The app wiring configuration file contains the list of application's modules that `runtime` must instantiate. The instantiation of the modules are done using `depinject`. It also contains the order in which all module's `InitGenesis` and `Pre/Begin/EndBlocker` methods should be executed.
```
